Updated Fulfillment App (#1439)
hotwax/oms-documentation: documents/store-operations/fulfillment/transfer-order.md

---
description:
   The Transfer Orders Page helps store staff create and fulfill TOs easily. They can view all existing TOs, the current status of TOs, and create new ones.  
---

# Transfer Order

> ## Find the TO Page

Reviewer: ```suggestion
## Find Transfer Orders
```

> This is the default view when the Transfer Orders tab is opened. It allows associates to search and filter TOs. This tab includes open and completed TOs.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This is the default view when the Transfer Orders page is opened. Associates can search open and closed transfers on this page.
```

### Open and Completed Tabs

Associates can segregate between open and completed TOs by switching Open and Completed tabs from the top-right corner.

### Details Shown for Each Transfer Order

> - **Transfer Order Name**: Displays the name of the transfer order. Just above it, the system shows a unique ID auto-generated by the app.  

Reviewer: break this into two items.
1. Transfer Order ID
2. Transfer Order Name
3. *I think* Transfer Order External ID

  - Once all items are fulfilled, the status changes to Completed.  

## Transfer Order Creation

To create a new TO, tap the `+` button located in the bottom-right corner of the Transfer Orders tab. This opens the Create Transfer Order screen.

### Steps to Create a Transfer Order

1. **Name the TO**  
   - At the top left of the page, enter a unique name for the TO. This name helps to easily identify the TO later.  

2. **Assign Destination**  
   - Locate the Assign section in the left-hand menu.  
   - Tap Assign to select the destination facility.  
   - Select a destination facility.  

3. **Select Shipping Method**  
   - Locate the Shipping Method section below the Assign card.  
   - Tap the dropdown to choose a Carrier.  
   - Now, choose the Shipping Method supported by the carrier, such as Standard, Same Day, or Next Day.  

4. **Plan Shipping and Delivery Dates**  
   - Locate the Plan section in the left-hand menu.  
   - Based on transfer type, select the appropriate lifecycle:  
     - **Store to Store**: Select Fulfill and Receive (managed entirely in OMS).  
     - **Store to Warehouse**: Select Fulfill only (post-fulfillment handled by WMS).  

>    - To know more about TO types, refer to this document.  

Reviewer: @Vidhan2104

   - Set the Ship Date and tap `Done`.  
   - Set the Delivery Date and tap `Done`.  

5. **Add Products to the TO**  
   - Use the set product identifier (like SKU or Shopify ID) to search, or scan the product.  
   - Once it appears on the right side, tap the `+` button to add it to the TO.  

   Upon adding a product, store associates can see three options for quantity selection:  
   - Book QOH (Quantity on Hand): Use this when transferring the entire available stock from the origin facility.  
   - Book ATP (Available to Promise): Select this to transfer only the available (unallocated) quantity.  
     - *Use Case*: Ideal to avoid affecting future commitments or orders.  
   - Book Custom Quantity: Use this option to specify a custom quantity to transfer.  

>    Use the toggle switch in the top row to enable bulk edit for all added items.  

Reviewer: ```suggestion
   Use the checkbox top row to enable bulk edit for all added items.  
```

6. **Finalize the TO**  
   - Tap the `✓` button in the bottom right corner to finalize and create the TO.  

>    {% hint style="info" %}

Reviewer: ```suggestion
{% hint style="warning" %}
```

> The TO can only be edited until it is in the Created state.  

Reviewer: ```suggestion
A TO cannot be edited from the Fulfillment app after this step
```

{% endhint %}  

### Upload CSV for Transfer Order

When creating a TO for multiple products, the Fulfillment App supports uploading a CSV for multiple products.

To efficiently create a TO with multiple products, follow these steps:  

1. **Prepare a CSV File**  
   - Create a CSV file containing the SKUs and quantities of the products to be transferred.  

2. **Navigate and Upload**  
   - On the Create Transfer Order page, navigate to the `Upload` button at the bottom left of the product selection section.  

3. **Select and Upload the CSV File**  
   - Tap the `Upload` button and choose the prepared CSV file.  

4. **Map the Fields**  
   - Select the correct product identifier (e.g., SKU).  
   - Map the CSV fields to the system fields (e.g., SKU → Product ID, Quantity → Quantity).  

This method eliminates the need to add each product manually and speeds up the TO creation process.  

## Transfer Order Fulfillment

> The Transfer Order Details page is used to fulfill TOs. To access this page, store associates simply tap on a transfer order from the Find page, which redirects them to this page.  

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The Transfer Order Details page is used to fulfill TOs. To access this page, store associates simply tap on a transfer order from the Find page, which navigates them to this page.  
```

At the top of the page, associates can view important details such as the total quantity of items they need to fulfill, the transfer order name, the order ID, and the current status of the TO, which will be marked as either Approved or Completed.  

- Approved: The transfer order is active and pending fulfillment.  
- Completed: All items in the transfer order have been fulfilled, and the TO is shipped.  

While fulfilling the TO, associates can generate a picklist to view all the items that need to be picked. To do this, tap the `Picklist` button at the bottom of the page.  

> ### To Add Items During Fulfillment:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
### Add Items During Fulfillment:
```

Reviewer: @Vidhan2104 @gauravbhand1611 is this allowed?

- Enter the SKU manually to add each item individually.  
- Scan the barcode on the item, and the app will auto-detect it.  
- Tap the `Pick All` button to add the entire quantity of the item at once.  
- Manually enter the quantity on the item card when fulfilling a custom quantity.  

> ### On the Item Card, Associates Can:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
### Item Card
```

> - **View product details**: Product image, SKU, name, and HotWax Commerce product ID for easy identification.  

Reviewer: reference the other places where we've written about product info and make this the same
